Add an interface Database (#3511)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/thirty-flies-flow.md

---
"@firebase/database-types": patch
"@firebase/database": patch
---

> Added interface `Database` which is implemented by `FirebaseDatabase. This allows consumer SDKs (such as the Firebase Admin SDK) to export the database types as an interface.

Reviewer: Missing ` after FirebaseDatabase.

Author: Updated.

---
"@firebase/database-types": patch
"@firebase/database": patch
---

> Added interface `Database` which is implemented by `FirebaseDatabase` to allow the use of interface instead of class for the instance type.
> It solves an issue admin SDK encountered where they only want to export the type, but Typescript thinks they are exporting the actual class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added interface `Database` which is implemented by `FirebaseDatabase. This allows consumer SDKs (such as the Firebase Admin SDK) to export the database types as an interface.
```
